Added security instructions to Java clients and fixed audit log child pages (#323)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _clients/java-rest-high-level.md

You can now start your OpenSearch cluster. The OpenSearch 1.x high-level REST client works with the 1.x versions of OpenSearch.

> ## Security

Reviewer: Reading the content, doesn't seem like it needs a separate section`##Security`. The content here should also part of the `##Setup`.

Author: I would argue that we should keep `Setup` and `Security` separate. Our intention for `Setup` is only to explain users can add the client to their IDE/whatever tool so they can start using the client to connect to a cluster, whereas `Security` is strictly for explaining how to securely connect to a cluster. If users have their own security configurations, they can ignore the `Security` section, but including it inside `Setup` doesn't directly call out the required security code, which we're trying to do.

Reviewer: OpenSearch comes with security installed so users cannot ignore this section unless they have explicitly disabled the security plugin or using the minimal distribution. 

If you want to keep this separate, call out these are configurations are related to the security plugin.

> This code example uses basic credentials that come with the default OpenSearch configuration. If you’re using the OpenSearch Java high-level REST client with your own OpenSearch cluster, be sure to change the code to use your own credentials.

Reviewer: This should go in `## Sample code` section IMO

{: .note}

> Before you can securely connect to an OpenSearch cluster, you must first add your root certificates to a truststore. If you don't already have a custom truststore, the following command creates a truststore and adds in a certificate.

Reviewer: See the technically corrected version below. Feel free to correct/rephrase to suit better.

```suggestion
Before using the REST client in your Java application, you need to configure the application truststore. If you are using the self-signed certificates or demo configurations, you can create a custom truststore and add the root authority certificates to the truststore using `Java keytool` as shown below... 
.
.
Note - You don't need to configure the truststore if you have setup OpenSearch with certificates from a trusted Certificate Authority (CA). 
```

```bash
keytool -import <path-to-cert> -alias <alias-to-call-cert> -keystore <truststore-name>
```

> You can now point your Java client to the truststore and set basic authentication credentials that can access a secure cluster.

Reviewer: Users are not setting the credentials here, they are just using them.

```java
//Point to keystore with appropriate certificates for security.
System.setProperty("javax.net.ssl.trustStore", "/full/path/to/keystore");
System.setProperty("javax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword", "password-to-keystore");

//Establish credentials to use basic authentication.
//Only for demo purposes. Don't specify your credentials in code.
final CredentialsProvider credentialsProvider = new BasicCredentialsProvider();
credentialsProvider.setCredentials(AuthScope.ANY,
  new UsernamePasswordCredentials("admin", "admin"));

> ```

Reviewer: Can avoid duplicating the code here since it's already exists in the sample code.

Author: I can add in a `(refer to sample code below on how to do so)`.
